Wikidrakia

* Spiral Path -- A secret organization. #TODO goals

* Straight Path -- "Those who follow the straight path" or short "The Straight Path" as a single word for the system error. That's what the members of the @"Spiral Path" call those drakes following the cult of @swarming.

* Great Ocean -- The Great Ocean is the name of the open seas that sourround the archipelago of Morogor. The drakes believe it to be the border between the heavens and the sea. This border between that spheres is a big and deadly waterfall. 

* Great Continent -- The great continent to the east of Morogor. Existence is unknown to the drakes until the swarm of Galun. 

Drake s.,Drakes p. -- A race of dragonlike creatures.  

drakish -- adjective, belongs to drakes
Drakish -- language, the language spoken by the drakes.
Drakish -- script, the scripted language of the drakes. Stored on keramic tables. @Recorder

Morogor -- Archipelago, located northwest of wesnoth in the @"Great ocean".
Morogor -- Drake Empire
Morogor -- Vulcan mountain on the central island of Archipelago

Vulcaniad -- The era between an eruption of the Vulcan @Morogor. The drake calendar is based upon it.
 
Long Count -- The drake calander based on @Vulcaniad, @Hatching, @Breeding cycle  

The name of the drake empire, but also the name of the archipelago it is located on.
           Morogor suffers from the rising water stands in the oceans during the time the campaigns plays at. 
           This has lead to a shortness of land and resources for the empire.

Breeding cycle -- The time that passes between one egg laying to the next. 

Recorder -- Drakish scrollkeeper. He is enscripting the history into tables made out of @keramic. Despite the fact that the recorders see themselves as a caste of it's own they recruit thier members from any of the other castes members.

Keramic -- The drakes are masters in the craftsmanship of keramic. They craft from tables for the @recorders to armours for the @clashers. Only the burners can master the amount of heat to burn the pieces to their full solidness.

Hive -- A drake home building, fortificated. It contains the @breeding pens

Breeding Pen -- here the eggs are breeded

Laying -- a period in the @"breeding cycle".  

Hatching --  a period in the @"breeding cycle".

Hatchling -- A young drake that hasn't seen another generation hatch. The younger the current generation of @hatchlings is the more aggressiv is the behaviour of the tribe.

Swarmling -- A young drake that has seen another generation hatch. If the @tribe can afford the loose of a generation they start the @Swarming.

Breeder -- The female drakes. They are rare since eggs that shall involve into breeders have to be handled with extra care and a huge amount of work. The number of breeders is also limited to the amounts of non-breeders around, since breeders can't take care about their food for themselves when breeding. Drake breeder's get fertile after the last generation of edges hatched.

Egg, Drake -- The outcome caste the hatchling belongs to determined by the time it is layn.

Tribe -- Group of Drakes, lives in a @Hive, Controls a terrain. Leaded by the @Dominand of the tribe.

Contender -- Male @Drake that has pass through a hormon caused metamorphose that made him able to mate with the breeders. The dumping of the hormone is caused by hunt and combat actions the drake is involved. 

Dominant -- The @contender that established himself to the drake leader, the only drake in the tribe that is allowed to reproduce with the breeders. 

Swarm -- The @Swarmlings that have left the @Hive to found a new one.

Swarming -- The flight for a new drake hive that recurs every breeding cycle.
              



