Wikidrakia

Great Ocean

Great Continent

Drake s.,Drakes p. -- A race of dragonlike creatures.  

drakish -- adjective, belongs to drakes
Drakish -- language, the language spoken by the drakes.
Drakish -- script, the scripted language of the drakes. Stored on keramic tables.

Morogor -- Archipelago, located northwest of wesnoth in the @Great oceaon.
Morogor -- Drake Empire
Morogor -- Vulcan

Vulcaniad -- The era between an eruption of the Vulcan @Morogor. The drake calendar is based upon it.
 
Long Count -- The drake calander based on @Vulcaniad, @Hatching, @Breeding cycle  

The name of the drake empire, but also the name of the archipelago it is located on.
           Morogor suffers from the rising water stands in the oceans during the time the campaigns plays at. 
           This has lead to a shortness of land and resources for the empire.

Breeding cycle --

Recorder -- Drakish scrollkeeper. He is enscripting the history into tables made out of keramic.

Hive -- A drake home building, fortificated. It contains the @breeding pens

Breeding Pen --

Laying -- 

Hatching --  

Hatchling -- A young drake that hasn't seen another generation hatch. The younger the current generation of hatchlings is the more aggressiv is the behaviour of the tribe.

Swarmling -- A young drake that has seen another generation hatch.

Breeder -- The female drakes. They are rare since eggs that shall involve into breeders have to be handled with extra care and a huge amount of work. The number of breeders is also limited to the amounts of non-breeders around, since breeders can't take care about their food for themselves when breeding. Drake breeder's get fertile after the last generation of edges hatched.

Egg --

Tribe -- Group of Drakes, lives in a @Hive, Controls a terrain.

Contender -- Male @Drake that has pass through a hormon caused metamorphose that made him able to mate with the breeders. The dumping of the hormone is caused by hunt and combat actions the drake is involved.

Dominant -- The contender that established himself to the drake leader, the only drake in the tribe that is allowed to reproduce with the breeders. 

Swarm -- The Swarmlings that have left the hive to found a new one.

Swarming -- 
              



